Add wv2 flag `msEdgeWebViewApplyWebResourceRequestedFilterForOOPIFs` (#3275)
MicrosoftDocs/edge-developer: microsoft-edge/webview2/concepts/webview-features-flags.md

| `msEdgeDesignerDriverFix ` |  Use this flag to disable getting content and automatically showing the Designer feature. This feature is not supported in WebView2. |
| `msEdgeFluentOverlayScrollbar` | Force-enables Fluent Overlay scrollbars, overriding whatever value `kFluentScrollbar` may hold at the moment. |
| `msEdgeDevToolsWdpRemoteDebugging` | Enables remote debugging.  See [Remote debugging WebView2 WinUI 2 (UWP) apps](../how-to/remote-debugging.md), [Remotely debug Windows devices](../../devtools-guide-chromium/remote-debugging/windows.md). |

> | `msEdgeWebViewApplyWebResourceRequestedFilterForOOPIFs` | If this flag is enabled, `AddWebResourceRequestedFilter` will also apply to out-of-process iframes. <br/>.NET: [AddWebResourceRequestedFilter](/dotnet/api/microsoft.web.webview2.core.corewebview2.addwebresourcerequestedfilter) <br/>WinRT: [AddWebResourceRequestedFilter](/microsoft-edge/webview2/reference/winrt/microsoft_web_webview2_core/corewebview2#addwebresourcerequestedfilter) <br/>Win32: [AddWebResourceRequestedFilterWithRequestSourceKinds](/microsoft-edge/webview2/reference/win32/icorewebview2_22#addwebresourcerequestedfilterwithrequestsourcekinds) |

Reviewer: does Win32 have a `AddWebResourceRequestedFilterWithRequestSourceKinds` method?  I only find a `AddWebResourceRequestedFilterWithRequestSourceKinds` method, by Searching Ref docs and by Find in "Overview of APIs".

present article section rendered:
https://review.learn.microsoft.com/microsoft-edge/webview2/concepts/webview-features-flags?branch=pr-en-us-3275#available-webview2-browser-flags - Find msEdgeWebViewApplyWebResourceRequestedFilterForOOPIFs

Overview of APIs, rendered:
https://review.learn.microsoft.com/microsoft-edge/webview2/concepts/overview-features-apis?branch=pr-en-us-3275&tabs=win32cpp#manage-network-requests-in-webview2 - find AddWebResourceRequestedFilter

@monica-ch @nishitha-burman

Author: Win32 has only AddWebResourceRequestedFilterWithRequestSourceKinds

> | `msEdgeWebViewApplyWebResourceRequestedFilterForOOPIFs` | If this flag is enabled, `AddWebResourceRequestedFilter` will also apply to out-of-process iframes. <br/>.NET: [AddWebResourceRequestedFilter](/dotnet/api/microsoft.web.webview2.core.corewebview2.addwebresourcerequestedfilter) <br/>WinRT: [AddWebResourceRequestedFilter](/microsoft-edge/webview2/reference/winrt/microsoft_web_webview2_core/corewebview2#addwebresourcerequestedfilter) <br/>Win32: [AddWebResourceRequestedFilterWithRequestSourceKinds](/microsoft-edge/webview2/reference/win32/icorewebview2_22#addwebresourcerequestedfilterwithrequestsourcekinds) |

Reviewer: does this row apply to both of the overloads in .NET & WinRT?
I only linked to one of the two overloads of this method name.

Reviewer: result:
```
If this flag is enabled, the `AddWebResourceRequestedFilter` method 
(including overloads) will also apply to out-of-process iframes.
```
@monica-ch @peiche-jessica 
Closing Comment.

> | `msEdgeWebViewApplyWebResourceRequestedFilterForOOPIFs` | If this flag is enabled, the `AddWebResourceRequestedFilter` method (including overloads) will also apply to out-of-process iframes. <br/>.NET: [AddWebResourceRequestedFilter](/dotnet/api/microsoft.web.webview2.core.corewebview2.addwebresourcerequestedfilter) <br/>WinRT: [AddWebResourceRequestedFilter](/microsoft-edge/webview2/reference/winrt/microsoft_web_webview2_core/corewebview2#addwebresourcerequestedfilter) <br/>Win32: [AddWebResourceRequestedFilterWithRequestSourceKinds](/microsoft-edge/webview2/reference/win32/icorewebview2_22#addwebresourcerequestedfilterwithrequestsourcekinds) |

Reviewer: alt design:
```suggestion
| `msEdgeWebViewApplyWebResourceRequestedFilterForOOPIFs` | If this flag is enabled, the `AddWebResourceRequestedFilter` method (including overloads) will also apply to out-of-process iframes.  For API Reference links, see [Manage network requests in WebView2](./overview-features-apis.md#manage-network-requests-in-webview2) in _Overview of WebView2 features and APIs_. |
```
https://review.learn.microsoft.com/microsoft-edge/webview2/concepts/overview-features-apis?branch=pr-en-us-3275#manage-network-requests-in-webview2
fyi @nishitha-burman, @monica-ch 

This alt design is:
* Compact - good for table cells, which are extremely restrictive for layout/Markdown.  solves problem of how to cram a tabset into almost mid-sentence compact form.
* Easy to tag & implement.  
* Lists related APIs; gives context, w/ lead-in in "Overview of APIs".

Reviewer: continuing to consider this alt design, but closing Comment w/o now applying this alt design.
